[Music]
the first camera goes back more than 200
years since then people have taken
trillions of images mostly of cats but
there are some things we've never
managed to catch in photos are you ready
to see them the passage of time
photographers have tried to show time
through their before and after photos
time lapses and high exposure pics but
they can only freeze time no matter how
many years passed in your first photo
you'll forever be a newborn magnetism
play some nails on a flat surface and
hold a magnet above them it will pull
the nails up but this gravity defying
physical phenomena can neither be caught
on camera nor seen in real life the only
thing you can experience is the effects
of magnetism smile
imagine going to the park to snap some
pictures of spring flowers you can smell
the fresh air damp soil leaves and
plants but when you develop the photos
the smell is not there anymore
your memories soon fade into scentless
pictures a lady on the moon a total of
12 astronauts have walked on the moon
surface and coincidentally all were men
women have been going on space missions
since 1963 but none of them has been
caught strolling on the moon yet
thoughts when you sit down on a bench to
admire the view your mind starts
wandering if a photographer was there to
snap a photo of you your gaze would be
the closest to the thought process a
camera would capture thoughts generate
feelings and those appear on your face
but your ideas and what you're thinking
about are just another uncapturable
mystery
gravity it's easy to catch on camera an
apple falling from a tree it happens
because gravity pulls objects toward the
your center but it's impossible to
record the force itself the only thing
you can see in real life is the effects
of gravity the Loch Ness monster now I
won't be diving into all the legendary
creatures ever mentioned but in 1934 a
sensational photo of Nessie was circling
the media everyone believed it was real
it wasn't until 1993 when a man
confessed that the picture was a model
made from a submarine toy the Sphinx's
nose even though the four thousand five
hundred year-old limestone statue has
been restored several times it's no
shape is still a mystery
some scientists have been trying to
generate images depicting the absent
face part but so far nobody knows what
only the nose knows the land below
Antarctica there was a time when this
continent was filled with tropical trees
and roaming animals but for the last 25
million years Antarctica has been locked
under a massive ice sheet a few years
ago scientists from the University of
California managed to map the continent
hiding below the ice but we've never
seen the real thing than a good old
photo taste when a juicy burger and
fries appear on your screen
they make you drool instantly so much
that you can almost taste them in your
mouth excuse me I have to wipe off my
script here but until scientists create
cameras that can project the smell and
taste of what's being photographed the
images will remain flavorless
[Music]
oxygen not all gases are invisible some
of them are brightly colored like
nitrogen dioxide chlorine and a few
others but gases in the atmosphere such
as oxygen carbon dioxide and water vapor
can't be seen with unaided eyes or a
regular camera these gases can absorb UV
and infrared wavelengths but those can't
be seen either win if you were to Google
a photo of a storm or a tornado you'd
see trees bending and objects flying
everywhere
spiral shaped gusts would be connecting
the clouds to the earth but those are
only the effects of the wind not the
wind itself the wind is invisible both
in real life and in photos by the way
can you name three things it's
impossible to catch on camera list them
down in the comments and now let's move
on the Wi-Fi signal when you use Wi-Fi
to surf the net and watch videos the
only way to know your connections
working is through a little logo on the
side of your screen it's impossible to
photograph the signal you receive from
the router radio waves have the longest
wavelengths only astronomers can snap a
picture of them with their radio
telescopes a closer image of the Sun you
can have hundreds of the Sun images on
your phone but none of them is likely to
be taken from a distance smaller than 93
million miles in 2018
NASA's Parker Solar Probe got a closer
look at the Sun and snapped a few photos
from 15 million miles away earlier this
year the Inouye solar telescope produced
super detailed images and movies of what
the sun's surface looks like but the
instrument has never left earth it just
has a unique super-high resolution
a star in real-time light travels at
186,000 miles per second the nearest
star system to us is the Alpha Centauri
it's four point three seven light years
ago if you decided to take a photo of
this system today the image would show
the star from four years ago some
aspects of reality let's say you're
taking a photo of an apple to your eyes
the color is vivid red but to your
friend with red-green color blindness it
looks different
an eagle would see five more variations
of the red shade than you can
distinguish it means nobody can be sure
they say true colors in real life and in
pictures quantum particles the smallest
thing ever captured on camera was the
shadow of an atom quantum particles are
even smaller than that scientists have
already proved that some atomic
particles do exist but those haven't
made an appearance on our screens yet
our entire galaxy if you google the
pictures of the Milky Way some colorful
smudges are likely to pop up across the
night sky but if you search for the
images of the entire galaxy the ones on
your screen will be computer generated
you can only snap pictures from the
inside of the galaxy but scientists are
convinced the Milky Way has a spiral
shape can we be sure though the Eiffel
Tower at night I know you're about to
argue that you've seen tons of such
photos online but hear me out there's a
catch
if you travel to Paris you can take as
many photos of the monument as you like
you can also post them online day or
night but you gotta be careful the
monument is partially protected by the
European Union copyright law anyone can
snap a pic of the tower during the day
and use it for commercial purposes but
after sundown photographers have to pay
for the rights black holes in 2019
scientists managed to capture a photo of
a supermassive black hole 53 million
miles away but black holes can't be
photographed because they draw in all
the light what scientists pieced
together was the black hole's shadow and
its boundary outlined by the glowing
material surrounding it Banksy making
art this anonymous graffiti artist
covers walls with social commentary and
humorous art but he has never been seen
or photographed while creating his
masterpieces even though his art sell
for millions nobody knows who he is or
how he works and it's not for lack of
trying many people tried to find out any
info about the artist but failed talk
about ninjas dark matter all objects in
the universe like planets stars and
galaxies are made of matter matter
attracts other matter through the force
of gravity when astronomers tried to
measure how fast stars were moving in a
galaxy they spotted a problem with their
calculations stars were traveling faster
than they were supposed to it looked as
if something was intervening with their
speed scientists named that mysterious
something dark
it's made of particles that do not
absorb emit or reflect light
that's why dark matter is yet another
phenomenon that hasn't been caught on
camera the conversation goes something
like this
what's the matter I don't know what's
the matter with you hey don't matter to
me well it don't matter to me either
well fine
yeah fine and that's all that matters
hey if you learn something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life